fix url (#53)
collective/collective.documentgenerator: README.rst

**How to write the template ?**
-------------------------------

> The `appy framework <http://appyframework.org>`_ is used to interpret the template and render it using the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `appy framework <https://appyframe.work/tool/public>`_ is used to interpret the template and render it using the context.
```

Author: Done thanks
